README.md, before:

# Your First Open Source Project

New to Open Source Projects & not sure where to begin?

Fret not!

Contribute to your very first open source project in this beginner-friendly code repository 👨‍💻!

## How to contribute?

1. Fork this code repository.
2. Add your Github username and Github profile link in the CONTRIBUTORS.md file.
3. Submit a PR.
4. Wait for your PR to be reviewed, approved & merged by an admin/owner.
5. To indicate your interest in joining this organization, for the time-being, kindly either **a) star this repo** or **b) submit a PR**.
6. As of right now, we will be manually adding users to this organization should they indicate their interest. We are in the midst of setting up an automated GitHub Actions pipeline to automatically invite users when they raise an issue or submit a PR in the future.

## Status

This code repository is still a 'Work In Progress' at the moment...

Kindly **wait** for updates to the code repository.

But feel free to start submitting your contributions/PRs ^^

Also, in the meantime, please **follow me** on GitHub, **star** this repository, **share** it with your friends.

Thanks for the kind understanding 😊

## To Do's

- Set up GitHub Actions pipeline to automate the inviting of users to this organization (those who have raised an issue or submitted a PR)

## Credits

- Organization logo created by freepik - <a href="https://www.freepik.com/vectors/html">www.freepik.com</a>

Commit message:

Add in a note to inform users how to toggle organization visibility on/off

README.md, after:

# Your First Open Source Project

New to Open Source Projects & not sure where to begin?

Fret not!

Contribute to your very first open source project in this beginner-friendly code repository 👨‍💻!

## How to contribute?

1. Fork this code repository.
2. Add your Github username and Github profile link in the CONTRIBUTORS.md file.
3. Submit a PR.
4. Wait for your PR to be reviewed, approved & merged by an admin/owner.
5. To indicate your interest in joining this organization, for the time-being, kindly either **a) star this repo** or **b) submit a PR**.
6. As of right now, we will be manually adding users to this organization should they indicate their interest. We are in the midst of setting up an automated GitHub Actions pipeline to automatically invite users when they raise an issue or submit a PR in the future.
7. After joining this organization, please click [here](https://github.com/Your-First-Open-Source-Project) > Then click on 'People' tab > Toggle your organization visibility from 'Private' to 'Public'.

## Status

This code repository is still a 'Work In Progress' at the moment...

Kindly **wait** for updates to the code repository.

But feel free to start submitting your contributions/PRs ^^

Also, in the meantime, please **follow me** on GitHub, **star** this repository, **share** it with your friends.

Thanks for the kind understanding 😊

## To Do's

- Set up GitHub Actions pipeline to automate the inviting of users to this organization (those who have raised an issue or submitted a PR)

## Credits

- Organization logo created by freepik - <a href="https://www.freepik.com/vectors/html">www.freepik.com</a>
